Ah!
husband
Yeah. What's going on?
That's not possible.
What trick
presumptuous
I, the Ten Lizard Kingdoms, offer this disciple to you
As a sign of submission
You ruined this disciple with a big shot
This move, etc. agree to declare war on my lizards
A few days from now, the heavenly army will arrive
Great Xia was devastated
He is I already said he was a fake
He was Xiao Yan alone who offended the ten kingdoms
Nothing to do with others
Even if you want to blame or confess, you should find him
That's right, this year it's about him alone
It has nothing to do with us
The deathstick dares to damage the heart and cannot be cured
Even if you have lived a thousand miles
Millions of Western Regions Heavenly Soldiers
He can also give you a foot in the meat puree
The Ant Army is just a mob
My husband alone can slaughter an ant dog
Mrs. Zhao, you really know how to ride the wind
Hide bad intentions
This woman just pretended to say this
I just want to release this king's utilitarian
If I lay here like this impostor
His ten kingdoms in the Western Regions will definitely send troops to attack me
Even if I could make it through
He can also find excuses to start a war
The reason why I want to destroy this
I just want to destroy the ant's tiger vision for us